Name : Mouniga C
Domain : Testing
STLC - Software Testing Life Cycle
	Software Testing life cycle is a software approach to testing a software application to ensure that it meets the requirements and is free to defects.
	It is used to ensure that the software is to high-quality, reliable and meets the needs of the end-users.
Main goals of the STLC:
The main goals is to identify and document any defects or issues in software application.
This allow for issues to be addressed and resolved before software is released to public.
Phrases of STLC:
Requirement gathering
Test Planning
Test cases development
Test Environment setup
Test Execution
Test Closure
1. Requirement gathering :
The quality assurance team meets with stakeholders to better understands the detailed knowledge of requirements.
This Phrases delivers the software requirement document and Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM).
2. Test Planning :
Estimating the time and cost required for testing.
Identifying the test deliverables and milestones.
Assigning roles and responsibilities to the testing team.
This Phrase delivers that Test Plan Document.
3. Test case Development :
Identifying the test cases that will be developed.
Writing test cases that are clear, concise, and easy to understand.
Creating test data and test scenarios that will be used in the test cases.
Identifying the expected results for each test case.
This phrase delivers that Test case and Test data.
4. Test Environment setup :
Install Hardware and software as required
The testing Environment is mirrors the production setup.
Environment setup checklist.
5. Test Execution :
Test execution is an iterative process and may need to be repeated multiple times until all identified defects are fixed.
Run the all test cases and compare the actual results and expected results.
6. Test Closure :
The purpose of this phrase is conclude the testing activities and learning document.
Prepare a test summary report.
Lessons learned document.